README.md, before:

## Note: this is based on https://github.com/frees-io/freestyle-template.g8
This is a Giter8 template for Freestyle RPC Server projects.

## Creating New Freestyle RPC Server Project

1. Create a new project from Freestyle g8 template:

```scala
sbt new jmjava/freestyle-rpc-server-template.g8
```

2. Fill the required information (you can see an example below):

```bash

...

name [Project Name]: freestyle-rpc
projectDescription [Project Description]: RPC with Freestyle
project [project-name]: freestyle-rpc
package [freestyle]:
Skipping existing file: ./freestyle-rpc/.gitignore
Skipping existing file: ./freestyle-rpc/.scalafmt.conf

Template applied in ./freestyle-rpc
```

The new project will be created in a new folder in the root directoy of this project with the name introduced before. It will contain the basic structure and basic sbt configuration based on the `sbt-freestyle` and `sbt-org-policies` plugins.

3. Create the organization files, to do so, from the project folder, you could just run:

```scala
sbt orgCreateFiles
```

4. Verify that everything is correctly configured:

```scala
sbt orgScriptCI
```

## Debugging this template

In the case you need to change this plugin, the easiest way to test it locally is:

```
sbt new file:///the/path/to/freestyle-rpc-server-template.g8
```


Template license
----------------
Written in 2018 by John Menke

To the extent possible under law, the author(s) have dedicated all copyright and related
and neighboring rights to this template to the public domain worldwide.
This template is distributed without any warranty. See <http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/>.

Commit message:

removing target folder and adjusting readme

README.md, after:

## Note: this is based on https://github.com/frees-io/freestyle-template.g8
This is a Giter8 template for Freestyle RPC Server projects.

## Creating New Freestyle RPC Server Project

1. Create a new project from Freestyle g8 template:

```scala
sbt new jmjava/freestyle-rpc-server-template.g8
```

## Debugging this template

In the case you need to change this plugin, the easiest way to test it locally is:

```
sbt new file:///the/path/to/freestyle-rpc-server-template.g8
```


##### For example from the checkout directory - use the template to generate a new project

```
/git/freestyle-rpc-server-template.g8$ sbt new file://`pwd`﻿

--follow prompts

```

##### Now compile and package the project

```
/git/freestyle-rpc-server-template.g8/freestyle/ sbt compile

```

###NOTE : this project depdends on other projects in my repo to be published locally


Template license
----------------
Written in 2018 by John Menke

To the extent possible under law, the author(s) have dedicated all copyright and related
and neighboring rights to this template to the public domain worldwide.
This template is distributed without any warranty. See <http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/>.
